= Web Sockets Demo

== What is this?

This super-simple application is a demo that accompanies my
<em>Introduction to HTML5 Web Sockets</em> talk. This is intended
to serve as a launching point for you to play around with
Web sockets powered by Pusher (http://pusherapp.com).

== How do I get started?

I'm working with the understanding that you have your favorite flavor
of Ruby installed and working. Assuming that's true...

Clone this repository:

  $ git clone git://github.com/chrisjpowers/web_sockets_demo.git
  $ cd web_sockets_demo

Make sure Rubygems is up to date and you have Bundler installed:

  $ gem update --system
  $ gem install bundler

Install dependencies with Bundler:

  $ bundle install

Start the server:

  $ ruby server.rb

Check out the demo at http://localhost:4567

== That worked, now what?

Start playing! This is obviously quite bare bones, but it should give
you a starting point. Either try adding a new feature or two to your
chat client, or blow away the chat client code entirely and create
your own socket powered mini-app!

By default, the app is pushing and receiving messages on the shared
Pusher channel 'demo_chat'. If you want to use your own 'private'
channel instead, rename the channel to your own unique string. You
will need to change this line in <tt>server.rb</tt>:

  CHANNEL = 'demo_chat'

... and this line in <tt>public/javascripts/chat.js</tt>:

  var PUSHER_CHANNEL_NAME = 'demo_chat'

For simplicity sake I decided to run this demo using Sinatra/HAML/jQuery,
but you could certainly implement this in Rails/ERB/Prototype if you
were so inclined.

== Um, a little help?

Just in case you're not familiar with one of these libraries,
here are some docs:

* Pusher: http://pusherapp.com/docs
* Sinatra: http://www.sinatrarb.com
* HAML: http://haml-lang.com/docs.html
* jQuery: http://docs.jquery.com
* Bundler: http://gembundler.com